\section{Introduction}

Decision making is one of the most important
cognitive ability in human beings. It covers wild
range of situations in human being, for example in
the lower importance level, it affect how people
choose their foods, and in higher level of
importance it affects judgments in courts.
Decision making impairment also related to some
important disease, such as Parkinson, Alzheimer,
and Huntington.

However decision making ability is suspected by
cognitive biases. These cognitive biases affect
decision making process and deviate the process
and cause irrational behavior in humans decisions.
One of the cognitive biases that cause irrational
behavior is framing effect.


Framing effects refers to the fact that context in
which a problem represented biases decision
making.  For example, presenting a problem in
abstract or realistic form could strongly
influence humans answers. Also, representing a
problem in a loss frame or gain frame has a great
effect on the humans choices; both in behavioral
and neurobiological levels.


